feat(radarr): Clarify the use of merged qualities for the German Guide (#2193)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: docs/Radarr/radarr-setup-quality-profiles-german-en.md

### UHD Bluray + WEB (2160p)

If you prefer High-Quality UHD Encodes (2160p)

!!! abstract "Recommended merging of qualities"

    We recommend to [merge the following qualities](/Radarr/Tips/Merge-quality/):

    - Bluray-2160p
    - WEBDL-2160p
    - WEBRip-2160p

    ??? tip "Alternative Quality Profile - [Click to show/hide]"

>         You may add the following qualities depending if you want to grab HD (720p/1080p) releases before UHD is available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        You may add the following qualities to the merged quality group if you want to grab HD (720p/1080p) releases before a UHD release is available:
```
